# Overview

### App

The App is the main component. It acts as the frame of all other components. The app contains mostly of the pages and the menu components.

### Pages

The Pages are the different pages of the application. It contains the home page, the first one showing upon calling the application, and a page for each task. The home page contains some information about how to navigate within the application. The other pages contain the exercises. A page contains several exercises. A page consists of several other components.

### Components

The components give the application functionality. Each task has several different components.

##### ChecksumExample

This component displays an example of numbers and a checksum or a check symbol for the given numbers.

##### ChecksumExercise

This component displays an exercise. It displays several numbers, where the user has to calculate the correct checksum or check symbol like in the examples.

##### MC

This component is used for Yes or No questions, which the user must solve.

##### Menu

The menu component is used for navigation. It is used to switch between pages. It is a simple drop out menu on the left.

##### YN

This component is used for Yes or No questions, which the user must solve.

### Functions

Functions are used for additional modularity for the code. See ChecksumExercise as an example.

##### arrayFiller

Takes two elements, a function F and a number N, and generates an array with N elements, where each element is generated by F.

##### binaryCheckSymbol1

given a binary string, returns x, where x is 1, if the number of ones in the string is odd. Else x is 0.

##### binaryCheckSymbol2

given a binary string, returns a two digit number xy, where x is 1, if the number of ones in the string at every even position is odd, else x is 0, and where y is 1, if the number of ones in the string at every odd position is odd, else y is 0.

##### errormaker

Used for MC or YN questions. Generates a sequence of numbers and a checksum, where the checksum can be wrong.

##### nextTenChecksum

Given any sequence of digits, returns x, (where x + sum of sequence) % 10 === 0.

##### randomDigits

Returns a random sequence of digits.

##### sumChecksum

Given any sequence of digits, returns the sum of them.
